JK++
Food snobs take note: not all strange food is good.
Note that neither printf() nor println() is called on an object: fine in C, not in Java.
Doesn't batman have enough money to be Iron Man?
Cider man, cider man: does whatever some cider can. Pours a glass, any size...
'Free will' means God has to make fewer updates.
Apparently, 'wi-fi' doesn't really mean anything, though it's a backronym for 'wireless-fidelity'. Or, just as good, 'wireless-fireless.'
Rocket pirates have better acceleration, but hover ninjas have better control. The debate rages on: bloodless for the moment.
Also, kids trained to shout 'Again!' would force their parents to buy the DVD.
I never have time for that s***.
Violence is Never the answer. Violence is the question. The answer is 'Yes'
If Aragorn could survive a 60-foot drop into a rocky river, why was he worried about arrows?
Or 'JOptionPane.showMessageDialog(null, 'Fuck yeah')', for a sharper look.
Jello itself is funnier than anything written about it. Including this.
To be fair, he never said he would do it by hand.
If only Keynes had gotten a real job.
Firefox and Chrome are both well-engineered programs. Spread the word: don't touch IE.
The one-way crossbow might have been a poor choice.
'Fit to toss; they'll fill a hole as well as better.'-Falstaff
I tried pressing Ctrl+Alt+Delete, but the war didn't stop.
Escape%20sequences%20are%20a%20bitch.
Of course, they couldn't really use Microsoft code. It's proprietary.
Star Trek writers were the first to explore the concept of a black hole, and he might be the last.
Who knew that stick figures could be poetry?
Sometimes lifting the laptop up will improve the signal; try that.
We all live in a non-inertial frame, a non-inertial frame, a non-inertial frame!
Wall Street fell 20 points today on news of evil cackling and fire from the sky, before rising 200 on the announcement of a 0.25% cut in the discount rate.
Apparently, either Japanese girls in the past were significantly bustier than those today, or human nature has not changed in 12,000 years.
(practical joke)*(fictional character)=regular joke. Does that mean fictional^-1 = practical?
Also, toasts marshmallows in milliseconds.
'Love: it's some kind of function'-The Posies
It's all how you use it, right?
Checkmate: teh pawn's pwnage.
What's that spell? MATH! Sort of.
When you stare into the abyss, the abyss offers you an excellent health plan.
'I can easily tell you why I can't get a job.'
They fly right side up for the same reason that you can hear explosions through a vacuum.
I might as well be honest.
My life got flipped, turned upside-down. The doctor prescribed lithium.
You're the only -e^i*pi for me
To Japan's anti-Godzilla forces: goodnight. And good luck.
The entire Northeastern United States lost power today, thanks to you. Yes, you.
Well, it still makes more sense than the Hunted Wumpus.
Big test proctor is watching you...
That would make this a meta-meta-reference, punishable with death by lolcat.
Luckily, it takes him a while to reload.
And for the afterparty, he turned the pool to wine.
It only kills the brain cells that store responsibility.
Gravity always attracts, but every other force will sometimes repel. Why? Send answers to theboss@comicjk.com. The winner will receive a Nobel prize in physics.
'Master, I challenge you!' BANG. 'That was easy.'
Still good when it sticks to what it knows. Try it at sciam.com.
Pikachu, I choose you! Kill that son of a bitch!
In case you're wondering why the fluorine atom is alone, it's a free radical. The reaction (which forms hydrofluoric acid) is catalyzed by sunlight.
Happy Christmas, to my Commonwealth readers (6 hits today from India!).
The same goes for invisible walls, 'lives' systems, and quicktime events.
Ptolemy must be spinning in his grave (while his hands make smaller, corrective circles in the opposite direction).
Saltwater: free and perfect solvation.
...how did they get to Google?
Sure, he lost his arm. But now he has a spare leg.
Without this mistake, though, life would be impossible. So I'll accept it.
It's a Taylor series expansion, of course; the question is, how did she take the derivatives?
It costs 0.5% of your soul per page, but you will learn why the .doc format allows embedded viruses that run on opening.
Don't worry, the label said *in*flammable.
When you're done, square the circle for a cooldown.
Can you measure an opinion without changing it?
Yes, it's a joke. The pompous quote at the end is powerfully ironic.
I'd say most of this comic's readers are above two standard deviations of the mean.
'A recession is when your neighbor is out of work. A depression is when you are.' -Reagan (Statistically, this actually makes an odd amount of sense)
If my life depends on it, I guess I can try Ubuntu.
Not bad, though she (he?) could stand to gain some weight.
It takes him a while to reload...but he generally only needs to shoot once.
'One OS to run them all/ In the city of Redmond, where the shadows lie.'
Good will prevail, as long as evil keeps trying to run its own software.
Monty Python: you'll want it, if you haven't got it.
Sing a song, full of the hope that the present has brought us.
Real rabbits can't legally carry firearms, either.
If there's a problem Obi Wan can't solve...you're probably running Vista.
Well, that works too.
This isn't going well.
Ok, protagonists can't die, right?
His victory was...*shocking*?
So...ok, then?
Whack-a-mole with shotguns would be a lot more satisfying.
No, THAT was the dream! Wait, no, just two layers of recursion. Sorry.
Flying cars don't need roads--dead hackers don't need minutes.
If GlaDOS can't help us, whom should we ask? ...Maybe Black Mesa?
They say that Windows 7, while not being any faster than Vista, will give the *appearance* of being faster. Thanks guys.
My fourth wall...it's shattered...
Thanks, overconfident Japanese translators. You've brought us all a lot of happiness.
...as if millions of software competitors cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
Q: But why were the Winjas poised to kill before the got the word from Admin?  
A: It's quicker to ask forgiveness than User Account Permission.
See comic 34 for details.
Inconceivable!
Not as precise as a bow and arrow, but more fun at parties.
I like the chocolatey vengeance with a hard candy coating, because it melts in your mouth, not in your hand.
Winjas? Like, ninjas? No...doesn't ring a bell.
If only Macs weren't so expensive, we wouldn't even be talking about Windows--but Macs are expensive, and it looks like they plan to stay that way.
Please someone get this reference.
Ubuntu: an easy-to-use Linux distribution, solid as rock and free as the air. If only any Windows distro could say as much!
'You speak aright: I am that merry wanderer of the night.' -W Shakespeare
I vow to go at least five comics with no mention of Vista. Dammit! Besides that one.
Photo -> jpg; drawing -> gif; Gee-I-sure-love-huge-file-sizes -> bmp.
Everybody that wants can learn the Grand Unified Theory; the rest have to sit through some more run-of-the-mill love and eternal happiness.
Bonus comic: read just the first panel, and extrapolate from there.
Just because it's faster than expulsion.
After all, I have a webcomic to update.
If you think that's bad, you should have seen what the Encyclopedia Brittanica guys posted. Who knew they had such a large porno collection?
You thought I would forget New Zealand, didn't you? So there.
It will also save on fuel by not getting off the ground.
Causality and relativity imply...romantic frustration.
'Wow, to think I was afraid you were a mercenary.'
At least not as a continuous function.
I'll leave it to linear algebra and porn fans to work out the product.
At least then it will destroy my files with a real evil intent, instead of the way Vista did it.
You too, Kazakhstan. Don't think your hilarious accents will get you out of this one.
It really seems plausible, especially when you can't see it.
Should have asked, 'How are you hovering?'
To everyone who has ever made a pun on the word 'hertz', and everyone who's had to suffer through it. 
//This line is a comment on a comment on comments.
Much less delicious than they sound.
So *painfully* minty...
When I'm on two-colored tiles, I walk the binary digits of pi. It helps me forget.
Nuclear power, in the megaton range, over major population centers will decrease their energy demand 100%.
After that succeeds, we'll release Drunken Flight Simulator.
It's steel, with a copper skin. Those of you who noticed the electrochemical implications of this: you are my favorites.
Let's just say I 'taught her some physics'
Lili, this is for you. Everyone else: sorry to get your hopes up.
In retrospect, it should have been clear from the zombies.
I'd still call it a coincidence. The clover only had three leaves.
Convict labor, is there any problem you can't solve? (Bonus comic: just the first panel.)
Comic JK: Your #2 source for xkcd humor.
Those of you with unattractive mothers can feel free to substitute your smokin' hot sister.
Babe, you've got me booting from the hard drive.
Of course, this is unrealistic. My chemistry professor never said 'Welcome.'
Really, a Hit Hashmap would be better than a Hit List. Deathnote, of course, makes this operation O(1).
The title-text can be pretty cramped, too, but I'll try: So, there are three people in a plane: the Pope, former president George W. Bush, and the young pilot. High in the air, the engine coughs and dies. The pilot turns to the others and says, 'men, it looks like we only have two parachutes.' Quick as a wink, Bush grabs one and jumps out of the plane. The Pope and the pilot look at each other. The Pope says 'my son, do you feel ready to die?' 'No need, father' the pilot says. 'Bush took my backpack.'
I hope the people watching those flying bricks are wearing their safety goggles.
Stick figures have noses?
That will annoy the zombies to no end.
Obviously, the first line does not apply to your mom.
For once, it's not your mom.
And those Indian guides were bull, too! I demand the return of my two sets of clothing.
Specifically, estimates in the millions are cause for concern.
There's also a two-step method, involving dilute acid, then sulfur, which would get partial credit.
Queries about how the tax works would bankrupt idiots across the country.
C++, on the other hand, is like the first girl after she puts on some weight. Not that she couldn't use it--she is a stick figure.
The strained relationship between Winnie and Willie in the play makes me wonder, 'what is that smell?' and 'why do my lungs feel like they're on fire?'
You know what I'm talking about! Opening difficult jars, and getting things from high shelves.
'I started making a mask, but really, what's the point?'
The cookies were O(delicious).
I guess by now I can start saying 'ex-girlfriend'.
Portal? What's that? I just like cake.
Now that you mention it, yes.
The bulk of my ideas to date have come from homeless people, mostly chemists. Better than using old TV shows, I guess. By the way, if you think of something which you think people who read this comic would like, (ie, you like it) you can email at theboss@comicjk.com
We can rebuild it together! Then we will be friends :)
I will leave the box closed so the kitty can be happy. Or half-happy.
So he says, but he is clearly a bug catcher.
Architecture is so boring! There's no acids, or gas leaks, or anything...
The real problem is, it runs in his head and it's not portable.
'You really think that will replace bottled water?' 'No, it will just get rid of the kind of people who buy it.'
'And some newer music.'
I think we know who is the real hero here.
Bullets: Amnesia Man's one weakness. Also knives, and punching.
At least it's not as bad as those 'disturbance in the force' jokes.
A fire? This is really more of a job for Superman...
I don't really endorse the Chinese currency peg, but it makes for a great slogan: 'Keep interest rates low to help Mei Guo!'
Kryptonite is pretty lame when you think about it.
I will only use my powers for good! And robbing banks. In a good way.
A joke about Newtonian physics! I feel so old-fashioned. Although to be fair, this also works with 4-vectors.
What a jerk! I hope he meets a most unpleasant end. Which, as the artist, it may be in my power to provide.
The Hat Man Cometh!
Spoiler: for once, the bad guys are not Microsoft.
You might say he's a jerk, but arguably he had no choice.
'Beginner's luck.'
-'Your overconfidence is your weakness!' -'Hydrogen bombs are yours.'
'Thank god I got rid of that ceiling fan.'
The ladies love a guy with a big, fancy Metrocard.
If only my art were good enough to pull this off.
If I ruled the world, no sandwich would be safe.
'And what's holding your hat on while you run?' 'Staples.'
I always open things this way. Doorknobs are an obvious trap.
For once, this comic speaks for itself.
Nobody makes an entrance like a Linja.
What story line?
To be clear, Canada is a real country. Australia, on the other hand...
'Of course! What do you think we are, biologists?'
Apparently, demand does not create its own supply.
Life is pain, hacker. Anyone who says differently is selling something.
From now on, no more Chaotic Neutrals.
At least he didn't start with the gamma rays... Next: 'Side Effects Man' Vs. His Medical Bills!
'I don't think your insurance will cover that.'
If that failed, he could always go into politics.
I didn't say you should stop.
Just to be safe, I play Lawful Good.
I'm glad we stayed home.
I don't know why those felons care so much about their acne.
What are you going to do, look around?
By the way, DNF sucked. Don't waste your money.
You can't win this one. Literally, that's rule number two.
Flipping those burgers pays better than being an adjunct professor of economics.
Maybe 300 will just be a Spartans reference.
How do you respond to that? It's like shooting clunky, virus-prone fish in a barrel.
'Of course they did, son. Grandpa was just untalented.'
That's a common mistake.
They sell sprays for that kind of metaphor.
A black hole would make your compression even better, as long as you don't need anything out but Hawking Radiation.
Don't worry, I got her number.
Those guys call alcohol 'liquid theorems.' Of course, if you want to do geometry in n-space you'll need something stronger.
I would have made this about Microsoft, but I think they already know better.
Really, the only thing I have going for me is my ability to inspire unfounded confidence.
'Pretty, though.'
With stuff like this going on, how will the future know how advanced we were?
Cleaning those floors was murder.
That last one worked twice. And by 'worked', I mean the opposite of worked.
I can't deny there's some attraction...
If he still doesn't go, try 'sudo'
Plus, the only people on those sites are weird guys who play video games.
You know that alcohol level where your web page looks right in IE and in Firefox at the same time? Me neither.
Right now it burns $10 of fuel per second, and stays up for twenty seconds. We can stretch that to 25 if we lose the safety harness.
I just wish I could copy+paste like Dinosaur Comics! That is some impressive pixel replication.
Metal 'til I die!
Cynicism, however, inexorably increases.
The best humor is based on real life.
Where 'key' means 'chances in bed'
Just kidding, I'm not a success.
I really should have saved this as an excuse to switch to 3 strips a week. But then I'd never catch up to XKCD...
In case you've forgotten, Amnesia Man was...a guy. Who did stuff. I'm pretty sure.
Now all I need is 1000 hours' flight time...
Is this really how it works? With no Wikipedia, it's impossible to find out.
I'll bet a Ninja could get out of this...
Further to the right we find fire, black holes, and my ex-girlfriend.
We're saving that for when it can feel shame.
Still, better than reinventing fire.
As the rules stand, Comic JK has to be mentioned in a few print newspapers before it will get a wiki page. Make it so, my readers!
I think my spaceship is broken. It just keeps going in circles.
I'd been saving this idea for a month.
I used to like MAD, but PC Magazine does it better.
When a date starts to go like this, I would consider unilateral disarmament.
A ninja could find the gold AND the oil, even half a mile underwater. *Without getting wet.*
*To the death!*
I'm sure he'll be fine once the bland site design wears off.
That's not aerodynamics...if that makes you feel better.
The sad part is, he was wearing shoes the whole time.
When r > 10^-12 m, just buy her flowers and hope for the best.
Still not helping that water problem, though. There, you're on your own.
Come on, guys, I just want a working Grand Unified Theory of physics. Is that so hard?
Singularities! Is there any problem you can't solve?
This is basically how D&D works, but with the CPU-heavy tasks handed off to your imagination.
There is always a shortage of girls who like these equations.
Come to think of it, have you ever seen a horse stop in the middle of the track to discuss a Fermi Problem?
'If you try any of that Sudo crap, I'm calling the cops.'
If they have pirates? Well, that's just for comic effect.
It's fine, he'll taste just as good.
I'm afraid that if I made this pill, I would become smart enough not to write a daily webcomic.
What the hell, at least we'll go out with a bang.
In reality, I used long ints. *There is no escape!*
It works a lot better if you lie down next to a neutron star. Of course, that depends what you mean by 'better'.
Alternate answer: 'Yes'
It would be more useful, if the ammunition weren't so delicious.
I don't mean to be cynical: usually this process takes much, much longer.
Since most atoms in the universe are hydrogen, you might say Bohr was 99% correct...
Too much relaxation is also a large problem.
I can't say for sure, but I believe this will become MIT's new logo.
Hey, at least it keeps the kids liking physics.
'After all, they can barely pass a Turing test!'
Few people know, but in fact Richard Feynman blew his Nobel Prize money on shady Schrodinger's-cat betting rings.
Webcomics this nerdy should be classically forbidden.
'...Can I use your wifi?'
Head->desk
'But what are we supposed to do with 2000 tons of used pandas?'
In C, if you don't end a string with a '\0', it reads through all of memory until it finds one. This contributes to C's legendary stability and high performance.
Obviously, or else he would be naturally occurring.
It's like comparing apples and oranges, except sometimes they're the exact same thing.
I call this the 'scientific method'.
I only regret that I have but one donut to eat for my country.
The fire department has asked me to take it easy on the C++ until they buy some bigger trucks.
'...This is potentially a problem.'
I call this problem 'control creep'. It usually stops before I reach the quantum level.
You'd think he would know what to say after the fifth try.
'...I thought they were going away really, *really* fast.'
I would love to stop making science puns, but I hate to disappoint the ladies.
Maybe if you apply a voltage?
They're known as 'funny to watch.'
Sadly for him, it was really just a hangover.
You think you're fast enough for June? We'll see what you're saying in November.
This could have ended badly if the ground were frictionless.
It takes steady hands to work in modern physics--the scales they use are truly microscopic.
I call 1! and 2! the 'overexcited numbers.' The factorial sign is there because it looks cooler that way.
Perhaps robots would work?
He always seemed strange: I guess something just set him off.
The floating-points should start their own convention! After all, there are a lot more of them.
Sometimes I think about heat death--sometimes the word pudding makes me giggle.
You see, it's a metaphor for how you should stay the hell away from girls who shoot acid.
Errand number one: return diamond. Errand number two: break up with annoying girlfriend.
I tried this myself with some high-energy radiation. I didn't spin; I just skipped right to feeling sick to my stomach.
In a cruder comic, this would lead to a joke about 'non-blocking sockets.'
I feel sorry for all those English majors who missed out on late-night physics...though I guess late-night Beckett is pretty good too.
If you lived on a little asteroid, it would be pretty clear that momentum was conserved, at least until you ran out of air.
Writing new software is free like 'free speech'. Complaining is free like 'free beer'.
...Nothing could be that delicious.
Happy Thanksgiving, guys. Cookies to anyone who can tell me what group this is.
Besides, they already have 700 thespians for comic relief.
Like most ideas in my webcomics, this should be tried immediately by everyone.
I considered throwing a person, but xkcd has filled this week's quota of dying in vacuum.
Darn, it would suck if one of those got a virus.
This ended like 95% of PhD theses.
In case you're wondering, Grey Cloud is autoboxed.
I call this prank 'the Boy Who Cried Phasors': just be aware that no one will help you with any subject ever again.
If you guessed 'hundreds of people worldwide,' you're right, but you could be more specific.
'What's the difference between a face and an oval?' 'At least twenty minutes.'
Word is getting around that you're analytically easy.
'But he loves me anyway?' 'Now, I never said that...'
Marketable skills: racism detector?
Did you know you can make the earth spin faster by lying down? It will help if we both do it together.
Really, this should have come between comics 3 and 4.
Sure, you could work on public open-source projects, but then what would you do with your axe?
Strictly speaking, the last one is only a knot while you're looking at it.
Effectively this means I'll be punching a lot of grad students.
Past this point, memory is corrupted.
'Well, that explains what happened to that rib.'
Didn't exactly hurry though.
Java has a similar system.
'Hey, look at these random scratches on the ground.' 'Cuneiform! I win!'
Grain: too slow. Gazelles: way, way too fast.
By neolithic standards, these stick figures aren't half bad.
Of course, the worst thing would be to pull out prematurely.
'If I bring back an ansible, can I get extra credit?'
Those others are 'civil molecules'
This is how Ryan North maintains his market share.
Modern science tells us that a lead monk in bunny ears would be a 'rabbit habit abbot'.
Of course if you're using Internet Explorer they'll both suck.
Dedicated to the chem lab teacher who gave me this advice.
I always imagined them doing an orbital bombardment beforehand to expose new resources. That's what we call 'winning hearts and minds.'
If you think he's dangerous now, wait until he starts reducing.
Don't think too much about the holy trinity here.
It was then that they decided this would be a tragedy.
At least post-racial characters are a lot easier to draw.
The mathematical equivalent of cockblocking.
'As my second atrocity, I will leave this code uncommented.'
Although to be fair, discreet you were not.
I never go to a dance without wifi.
Next up in 'treating corporations as people:' denying venture capital is now considered abortion.
Do statisticians always win? Well, I'd give them good odds.
It'll take a while for this to get settled.
Those birds are still my favorite.
'If only I'd taken that right turn, it would have been imaginary.'
Experience: provided essential support in the office environment.
'...No, I'm as shocked as anyone.'
The sad part is, it was actually a good-faith effort.
Do old people even read the title text?
I like my women differentiable in all orders...if you know what I mean ;)
Every connection is a human one (if you're generous with the spambots)
Really it was Euclid and his gang. Geometry was quite something in those days.
How ironic it would be, if society collapsed because programming and chemistry are just too fun.
'A sudden doubling in the world supply of ammonia? Smells fishy to me.'
The only truly clean surfaces are chrome and burning foxes.
Point of order: I hope this doesn't count as discussing the rules.
In my ideal world, there are no protected fields. Clothes, I'll allow in cold climates.
And I would watch out for the 'lifetime warranty'.
Rocks beat scissors...scissors beat skyhooks.
I'm trying to think how you would get rid of one without destroying the other...is this how a corrupted namespace feels?
I'm sure mine will be grandfathered in.
Take the hat, it's his one weakness! Wait...darn. Staples.
Like many students, I was disappointed by 'Physical Chemistry.'
'I pick the other evidence, the one where you're wrong.'
If it were biology, there might be singing, but there wouldn't be numbers.
It was then that we knew, they were more intelligent than humans.
The lab coat? Leave it on. 
Unfortunately, there's some kind of conspiracy: dream-drinks are ineffective.
Really it depends on your definition of 'pieces'...and 'board'.
Choose your workplace with this in mind. Eg, the Manhattan Project.
I'm not sure if that first guy teaches chemistry or karate, but either way, I'd sign up.
High shelves my dwelling place: great ribs my destination.
Was the devil ever in a film with Kevin Bacon? (Answer: yes, several.)
So he's happily married - can't I dream?
'I have way too much money - please help.'
James, I TOLD you not to borrow money from eldritch horrors beyond the deep.
2000 years later, Descartes would prove him correct.
Or you can give a Holy Hand Grenade, provided it has no pin.
Don't feel bad - he fooled all of us.
Chemistry makes everything better, don't you think?
JK coinage: by analogy to a rope, the part of a download which is in transit is its 'bight'.
'Traveling at the speed of light' is obviously not going to fly with an engineer.
Huh - now the models have Erdos numbers.
Shirtlessness now covered by the second amendment.
Aka, the less-bright radially challenged.
Only nerds will understand when you call it that - but who else would you want to do it with?
I guess entropy will get him, if the Revolution doesn't come first.
'Hmph! Next time maybe you'll do it analytically.'
I'd say it was a fair trade if I got to be paramagnetic.
Even Keynes couldn't do it, and he's immortal.
Works every time. For some definition of 'work'
The fact that the earth's surface is 70% water gives me a sense of accomplishment.
Thermo is the universe's gallows humor.
The greatest irony: New Element Discovered By Webcomic Artist
I used to think dynamic typing was when you programmed really, really fast.
It's great out of a test tube.
'So...can I get to that dating site?'
Actually, the bible has specific passages against raising barns, and nothing against watching TV.
Perhaps you'll reach a zen state in which your bugs really are features. More likely you'll be killed in the process.
Now, what could I do instead of writing 401...
Nah, she's too smart for that anyway.
Unfortunately if I go too far making fun of this I'll be meta white-knighting.
'Darn, I wish they were still making those.'
Atom 1.0
'Speaking of which, your stomach could use some more tone.'
Like all scientists, I am unharmed by gamma rays (below a certain dosage).
'Hostis humani generis' - how could you not want to be called that?
I find that it's best to write about what you know.
This raises a lot more questions than it answers if God uses static typing.
You tell 'em, Female Character.
Eh, we'll patch it later
We'll also need a few honest folks for border patrol.
Next episode: sparks fly!
Reasons to be a chemist: not cut out for being an economist.
He lost that scholarship when they found out he was a commie.
'First thought: can I use it in melee?'
It generally impresses people when you shout that in the middle of a class.
I'd advise you not to bring it up.
Womanizing a 'struct' sounds a lot more painful.
When he says 'seniors,' he means the ones who get all the good prescriptions.
Why doesn't burning money help? Call it 'speed vs. quality vs. cost vs. stupidity.' 
You whipper-snappers can think of it as a genetics lab if you want.
Now to watch my inbox fill with Nick Clegg and David Cameron slash fiction.
Just start calling him a helium nucleus.
Just use a dwarf as your flashlight. Sure they're smelly, but it's easier to find beer than batteries.
You can get to 400% interest, though you will be horizontal.
You can get to 400% interest, though you will be horizontal.
Outside of the US, these things are more by legislative consensus. You might say they're in RAM.
In point of fact, these can prevent disease pretty well. 
'I'll take it out once Digital Mars D gets its goddam act together about standard libraries.'
Except here, the sample isn't dismantled on a molecular level and...maybe it's best not to press the analogy.
To meet the growing number of economists, invest in waterproof pillows.
Maybe it's...I don't know...the huge protruding lever?
I'm not even counting the ones slain by accidental nunchucks.
From now on I'll go to sleep at 9, wake up at 5, and fly to work on the back of a giant tortoise.
Or maybe an ineffective fishing knife?
This might make more money even than a webcomic.
He was in a bad mood after someone spilled his Doritos.
'A line break is two characters' - that person should be in two pieces.
It's like making a holocaust joke in 1944. Or comparing a web browser to genocide.
'After the C networking API, electrocution seemed like the logical next step.'
'As many as the stars in the sky and the sand in the sea' was not the time to be O(n^2).
But formulae are always named after their inventors, right? Well...he also wrote Maxwell's equations.
However: outrageous numbers of man-hours do keep programmers employed.
My first Java class, I learned the evil of goto. A little odd since there is no goto jump in Java.
Safety goggles: yes. Kevlar vest: now you're sciencing!
'How are you staying up there, anyway?'  'Staples.'
PostRacial--; PatternFinding++
The guy on the right is memory. He's like a hash table, but for annoying me.
This assumes the civilization buried under those icy mountains doesn't awaken, of course.
I'm an rtrim() man myself.
Spontaneous boiling would have been a lot more interesting to watch.
That's it, no more web development on mescaline.
'Adult (noun): Kid with better hours and a much bigger budget.'
I find this kind of speech makes it easier to tell them they're not getting paid.
Happy Independence Day! (or Pointedly Not Aware Of Any Celebrations Today day for my British readers).
Unless those one-legged monkeys are precompiled with Pyrex, in which case all bets are off.
Continuing the Pokemon tradition, monsters who conveniently say their own names.
A mob that size can't do any harm. Unless they go for those cloud servers.
Well, naturally - it's all out of gum.
The danger is half the fun. The other half is the funny colors you see when you're near the fumes. 
When talking to non-readers, though, I have 462 ways to appear spontaneous.
It's a good thing they haven't seen 'It's A Wonderful Life,' then they'd be really pissed off.
I'll hire a few more bodyguards before I take on homeopathics or anthropology.
'Not that, you fool! WHERE ARE YOUR GOGGLES?'
'You lousy cheat! Those are MY methods!'
If we ever do have better web scripting language? God help us, the servers will grow teeth.
CRUSH ALL ENEMIES BENEATH YOUR...charisma.
A pissing contest with SMBC - he draws a comic about genital vivisection, so I do teen suicide, domestic terrorism, and cross-browser compatibility.
This language feature can only be described as 'flipping the bird to the entire idea of compilers' - there's fuck-all else you can do with it. And yes, I do wish I'd thought of it first.
'Plus, it was a little embarrassing when she fell off the railing of the pier.'
Come to think of it, who's going to read this?
Stand back! Next thing you know the door could become a jar...
Of course, he was already screwed by his @author tags.
The day after tomorrow, this comic triggers irony.
'Series Lambasted for Being Entirely Based on One Character Turns Out To Be About Someone Completely Different.' Isn't that the universe you would rather live in?
Interests: the intersection of weakly interacting boson statistics and effective windshield wipers.
'Experience? About two dozen. That's right, BA in English.'
It looks like victory to us, but to the goblins, it's a catastrophe.
Although, reading Caesar in the original does make you better at Starcraft.
Unfortunately, when they cut into it, the cake was a pie.
'What music? I don't hear it!' 'Right, you have to wait 'til the carbon monoxide kicks in.'
The proof hasn't yet been fully accepted, but...it looks like this is the end of the Salesman.
'Or you could try her diseased sister, ActiveX. I hear the sores are much less runny now!'
Taking the GRE today. Everybody, wish me luck!
You can't see something this dumb and not refudiate it.
'And then she kept wanting to hang out and stuff! That's when it got weird.'
I've just noticed Facebreak looks a lot like Facebook. Coincidence? Let's hope their lawyers think so.
'Handle like eggs filled with living, malevolent flame. Do not use in omelets.'
Really, that's just what these computers do when you press Caps Lock.
Roll a d20...1. He shoots backward and breaks your monitor.
I'm not sure if this is evidence for human immortality or just good marketing.
I think it depends whether the bear eats the pope.
What am I going to spend my time on now? Besides, you know, content.
This grading system is an open invitation to cheat. It prepares one for adult life.
I killed the fourth wall and buried him under my begonias. I have to say, they're doing nicely.
Rival teams ambush each other with texts on special relativity.
People on the night side of the earth would become the programmers.
If you live to 100, maybe you can make it back.
It might be a fun pastime to try and confuse future archaeologists...but I'll save that for another comic.
'Of course! Mr Smith was way too short to reach that high on the board!'
That could be somewhat effective depending on how long you've been in your basement.
Flamethrowers for physicists? Nah, they're dangerous enough as it is.
You keep using that method of interstellar space travel. I do not think it means what you think it means.
(He didn't read the hover text either.)
Oddly, pictures of Guido van Rossum gave a similar effect.
It's too bad, really, that his hearse got stuck in traffic.
Until Smoosh comes out, D is for me.
Can you imagine, if you put a stripper and scrubber in series?
'The voice acting has gone downhill, but at least there's no more cover-based shooting.'
We're gonna light this RAM like it's dynamite. Wear goggles.
cout << &quot Seize the day &quot; will do if you really need that retro feel.
My plan: develop snappy lines for being crushed by large objects.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a camel to bust a move on the dance floor. What I'm saying is, it sucks to be a camel.
Someday, I'm going to watch one of these lift off. Hopefully from an adjacent continent.
He could still be wrong by a factor of two - maybe he's an elf.
What kind of engineering do you mainly practice: chemical, or custodial?
You could even make the rate negative, for added impact. And limit it to webcomic artists.
I'm not afraid of them. I save my terror for those walking windmills.
You don't want to meet the gammas.
'Webcomic artists have to keep drawing webcomics or they won't be webcomic artists.' I call it the Comic JK Hypothesis, where's my Nobel?
...Gravity is a more pressing concern.
'From the rate of blood seepage through the carpet, we can tell you're innocent.' 'Ah, but you used Celcius instead of Kelvin!' 'Oh, true. You totally did it.'
'Of course we can. If you're not healthy, how will you keep doing research?'
TL;DNR: if you steal a bike, take it more than two blocks away.
If I were in a room of free-flying fluorine, this would not be my first concern.
Otherwise, how is the mirror supposed to know? Magic??
I want to make the equivalent of nerve gas, but for happiness. I think I might be a supervillain.
Achilles' other heel was actually pretty awesome.
Knowing history or law is tolerable, as long as you absolutely can't do arithmetic.
Maybe prices wouldn't be so high if every financial firm didn't keep its own elephant?
'Also, I think the children might be scared since your head is transparent.'
So called because of the painful swelling experienced by many economists.
Ironic: the character Doyle most wanted to kill off has outlived him by eighty years.
With a table of homonyms, the supply of puns should be more or less infinite...In fact, I'm counting on it.
At least it's stopped with the Lolcats.
Step one: flee to Scotland.
'Relax! The viscosity of the fudge means the explosion won't happen for another four seconds.'
Posted after SMBC - now that's just shameful.
This kind of question is way easier to answer pre-backstab.
Male engineers feel this way about women. Female engineers feel this way about sane men.
Having been used to create this, the device is now presumably existentialist.
Speaking of which, why did you try your own supply?
This is acceptable ONLY if you've run out of paper.
Step 3: pursue a graduate degree in chemical engineering. No one said this plan would be easy.
The next generation will succumb only to 'your mom' jokes.
If you take into account that they're also the ones who can alter their genes, then things turn out differently.
Yo mama's so old, she remembers when the background radiation was infrared.
Yes, but then I was drinking something else.
Pro: reduces human error on the roads. Bigger pro: obscures the fact that I don't have a driver's license.
'Meet interesting people from the US...check.'
It took me five years to beat my first Mario game - don't laugh. Ok, laugh, everyone else does.
'Of course, that's ridiculous. Any such creatures would long ago have driven themselves extinct.'
There were many branches of Renaissance magic. Science was the one that WORKED.
I tried transforming out of time domain, but it still didn't give me more chance to post by midnight.
Counterintuitively, your fluids textbook doesn't work better when wet.
I really would have preferred the method with the helicopters.
Someone needs to learn about percents of zero.
I guarantee, this treatment will make you the hottest thing on earth.
'Now all I need is a source of constant, high temperature and - hey, where are you going??'
The quality of these papers is such that reading them is just as hard as writing them.
'Like, Hegel? Maybe? Back me up here.'
'If we DID split hairs here, I would note you forgot flat-screens.'
Better than the 'Buckminsterfullerene Special' made of pure soot.
Technically you don't have to dodge the bullet to pass, but you might want to for other reasons.
Which looks pretty silly for cyborgs in space helmets.
KNO3, is there any problem you can't solve?
Public speaking and psychosis make interesting graph axes.
Also it was a simulation of Warcraft Cataclysm.
Due to their terrible smudging, we've changed it to 'Our pencils defeated Hitler.'
Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. For real!
I assume they have just one face for easy punching.
Everything is diffusion - the internet just lets humor move by bulk flow.
Nobody does mad evil like scientists - OK, I'll make an exception for barbers.
It is impossible to target every level at once. I could prove it to you, but it involves Lesbesgue integration.
'Then...could you at least give us back the lab coat?'
A note on passing the Turing test: it is not sufficient if the program can fool *you*
'Time for spam email surveys!'
The bow is a nice touch - it really brings out your blank.
You know how I love watching ovals become cotangent.
Assuming we accept self-identification...and now I'm imagining Gandalf and Aragorn in drag. Thanks Bechdel.
'Brush up by reading some webcomics.'
Just finished reading Julian Assange's own dating site profile, in which he illustrates his uniqueness with a quote from Star Wars.
That is, we've done worse in national rankings since this became our policy for admissions.
Broader appeal: option to toggle which gender.
Set expectations so high that if you fail, people will think you were someone else.
It's a great game until you can program the programmers.
Another day, another grudge match with a famous computer scientist just waiting to happen.
Will they finish on time?? If this comic's timestamp is any indication, then almost certainly they won't.
Yup, that in a nutshell describes Comic JK.
The cynical answer is that IE is intended to give a bad experience, thus keeping users on the desktop instead of on web-based programs. But no one is that evil, right?
I try to lose eight hours a day - but sometimes I wind up winning for days on end.
this.dot, Java works with this meter, but 'constructor' takes too long to say: out of init() tonight.
Hey, good eye on that one.
'So, uh, do you like guys too?'
The gender binary is restored, thanks to our heroes, who learn a valuable lesson in crossdressing.
Strive for diversity.
Without tenure, he might be unfairly persecuted for his views on carbon atoms.
After that, it's up to marketing.
This is assuming Randall won't have a net deviation from schedule in the next 2.4 years, which is about as likely as an American accurately labeling the location of Angola.
Go big or go... to the same place, but by riding a plane.
I've taken liberties...An accurate depiction of this scene would be unreadable, since he didn't actually know the word 'defibrillator.'
The deconstruction is inseparable from the text, but also from the rectifying tower of the kernel.
Or the second rule: screw water, use liquid sodium.
&#9792;, &#9892; and &#9890; are role models...I hope they render in your browser, because they don't in mine.
'Maybe he would have lived longer if he had done any actual running.'
'Also, both those ideas would make you hostis humani generis, and I don't want to spoil your fun.'
Henceforth 'the ComicJK school of what's his name again?'
And here I was saying he sucked at it! Boy do I have egg on my face.
'And the next thing I knew, his face was wrapped around my keyboard. I don't know what happened.'
There are also the more obvious issues with getting androids wet.
This must have been on purpose. Getting at least one right out of five would have required less effort.
Comic JK: Your #1 site for comics not about milking people like cows.
Ironically, most of the fatalities were from choking on carbon.
Civilization had better hold itself together until I get over there to fix it, or I will be *really* pissed off.
Sagan: 'We are star stuff.' JK: 'A star went nova so that you could read this webcomic.'
'And also wanting to kill and eat Guido van Rossum?'
'Darn, I was sure this huge-headed model would understand statistics.'
It also helps that the compsci students were notified online a week earlier.
And the word 'def' before functions, and the parentheses around function calls...ok, time to read up on making my own compiler.
&quot;That is NOT what I went to fashion school for, ok?&quot;
&quot;MY life takes a whole laptop.&quot;
Take that, default setting in Windows.
Or hammertime.
If nothing else, this will unite you and the floor in short order.
I plan to hybridize them to create a new song totally different from 'Under Pressure.'
Also ignoring a lot of evidence about what paleolithic people actually ate. But hey, at least you get to have a ton of red meat and keep moral superiority.
Within ten years, everyone will have one of these. And life will be pretty much the same, just a little cooler.
That melody is just so...haunting.
And we can use Num Lock to paralyze mathematicians.
And you need a computer the size of the universe, which is kind of pricey.
&quot;Stop! I have kids to feed!&quot;  &quot;Wait, as in more than one kid? You are so dead!&quot;
I find the last one very relaxing.
Alternatively, use Occam's Razor: &quot;whatever seems simplest to me is 100% true.&quot;
'So...you can't help us after all?'
There is something deeply wrong about a sinister walrus. Goo goo ca-choo...
New idea: make the ships hit stuff so they dump it in the sea. Perfect!
It's not the popery I mind so much as the suspension of habeus corpus.
&quot;For that we'll need an army of pandas.&quot;
They, of all people, should have known not to trust a guy in a black hat.
Sometimes I'm glad to live in a primitive time where there's so much more to discover. Other times I want to make something that actually works.
Seriously, this is named after a Viking king. That's what you get from a telecoms company called 'Ericsson.'
And that's why I filled the kids' birthday balloons with hydrogen.
The only surprising part of this is that it still comes on DVD.
If they really wanted to go fast, wouldn't they have the helicopter?
More scientific than the old method of throwing them and measuring how far they fly.
I guess you win when your currency is worthless. Zimbabwe über alles!
I think I'm safe. My characters can't look like fish any more than they look like anything else.
After they die of mutual grief, their seconds will have a battle of regrets.
Haha, that's just stage smoke! It's his car that's on fire.
Next let's protest Ben & Jerry's by eating a pile of ice cream.
403: Address not addressable.
Our electrical engineers do not fear death! I really wish they did.
butEverythingIsBetterInCamelCase
At least the dark matter is still okay.
Robot mom will be much cheaper.
A prestige class with only one skill, 'industrial-scale modern chemistry'. Makes you feel sorry for the others.
Say, aren't you in space now?
'My new refrigerator, though, will provide housing for up to four needy people.'
Storing fluorine in a glass bottle, though, just makes you a martyr for Stupid.
It worked! According to e = mc², by this Tuesday we will have much bigger things to worry about than writing plays.
Hey Copernicus? There's someone I'd like you to meet.
&quot;Now beat it. We don't call this '100% Dropout U' for nothing.&quot;
Normally I would say anyone who knows differential equations is all right, but I may make an exception here.
Option 2: Turn on infinite lives.
The devil can be really, really clingy. What, does he want to keep you around forever?
It's fine, I can fix it. I just need a really, really fat-bottomed girl to spin in the opposite direction.
I don't think it's possible to be both rational and deterministic. So if I'm wrong, I have a very good excuse.
Until the power goes out. Then it's time to buy.
Then water pollution.
Because a business student couldn't run the numbers.
And by surreptitiously crushing mathematicians.
She could have just TOLD me she didn't want to spend our anniversary at McDonald's.
Good at heart, but this phrasing wasn't very bright.
Answer: give him stock options.
That way she can claim she doesn't have any.
They said money couldn't buy me love, but they didn't have online dating, either.
This once happened to me, but I really didn't see the problem.
And if the insurance works out, the house itself can be used as kindling.
Oh, and extreme susceptibility to foot injuries. I guess I should have said that one first.
&quot;Partial differential equations must be like Deathnote, but less risky.&quot;
If you combined the problems of Russia and Alabama, you would have a life expectancy of about seven.
And a couple extra if you take that dead body.
Yes, let us discuss this confusion over wine at my apartment.
Sadly it turns your staff into a snake.
There are certain stable time loops which only affect your cap, leading scientists to theorize about &quot;hat racks all the way down&quot;.
Ellipses, but the point stands.
Darn! Should have chosen a less sexy word.
Assuming you count a horizontal line as a pattern.
Many successful governments have been built on this basis - just look at the Romans.
Still busy though. In fact, more busy.
'We'll need a de-scaling agent. Do you have Drano?'
&quot;Which webcomic artists can easily lift.&quot;
Maybe civil engineers know the buildup to that punchline. Or maybe all they see is Design of Waste Systems.
By freedom, I mean a combination of rules and convenience. E.g., you can't take your jumbo jet into the 7-11.
We decided not to tell him, just to see what he would find out.
But now I have the story of how I got five busted inner tubes and rode home forty miles on a flat tire.
About four hundred Germans read this comic, so maybe it will get to the right place.
Under earth gravity, 1 kilogram exerts 9.81 Norrises.
Assuming you don't count the elusive comic 0.
Talk to your kids about acetone. They'll listen.
You might say the Appalachians have gone downhill.
It also turns your teeth yellow and makes you look *f-ing awesome* at the blackboard.
Actually, transparent privilege. They're pretty unbiased.
And then the old Don to keep them in line.
So remember, anyone opposed to your ideas is a worshipper of Cthulu.
Think how much easier things will be in Venice without that pesky water.
We also want super soakers.
&quot;People out there sleep under cows, right?&quot;
Try as you may, you just can't get away from mathematics.
&quot;Surely he'll have mercy and let half of them get divorced like the rest of us.&quot;
And hack their entire medical histories to make sure they're not allergic to gluten.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with dual-booting Linux.
&quot;They're no Juliet, though. I mean, DAMN.&quot;
Parse error on line 1: Google+. '+' is a binary operator. Did you mean: Google++?
Experiment: walk up to the six-year-old version of yourself and tell him you’d rather work for a search engine company than for NASA.
Due to a brief earthquake, the ball landed in a nearby pumpkin.
And charging less for a format that costs less to make? That's just crazy.
In fact, their best bet is to read this comic.
Shorter version: please take this hundred million and stick it to Boston.
We tried word-of-mouth, but their friends never google things either.
He knows, he's just wondering if the coup will go smoothly.
Randall Munroe owns Google and Google owns the earth.
Alpher and Gamow would be all over that bubble wrap, but they're sleeping off experiment 2.
Next, Bill Hates-The-Cloud sends forth his brave patent lawyers.
Maybe if you let the frosting-makers share their recipes...
And any text turns into a manifesto on open source. I guess I can't cDATA WANTS TO BE FREE
The competition will be encircled, crushed, and digested at leisure.
'See you in grad school!'
This is seriously the plan. And stock markets around the world surged on the news. You know what, just read the previous comic, that's how I feel right now.
It's not dishonesty, it's #define
'You just know they're going to string you along for weeks, then dump you because of a mismatched button.'
'The only violence in this game is toward technology. So really, we get along perfectly.'
It compiles to native code and it's around C-speed, but I swore if I ever saw the -> operator after C++ I would kill and I'm a man of my word.
SMBC readers: yes, if you could entirely simulate a person in a computer then destroying the simulation would be murder. However, if you can simulate a person with deterministic software then there is no moral choice and 'murder' is a moot point. Others: I think it's clear you should become SMBC readers.
And by 'it' I mean parliamentary representation, am I right?
Note: exaggeration for comic effect. Please do not invalidate any future patents. 
'Now beat it, I'm trying to reproduce sexually.'
It's true, a lot of religions are weird by this definition - tl;dr a lot of religions are weird.
Admittedly, this wasn't a controlled experiment.
Religion is like the traffic cop. So there are about ten thousand of them and they're mostly telling you to pull over.
Actually, considering Keynes said it, it's a sure bet that somebody disagrees.
Another useful quote: 'the Singularity is intelligent design for the IQ 140 people.' (Mitch Kapor)
I don't know if theology has caught up with this, but within our lifetimes little kids will be asking 'will I still have laser vision in Heaven?'
Maybe people would lose a little more weight if they didn't - literally - go from office to office on scooters.
I call it a 'city' because that's what the locals do. The first time, I laughed.
'Even your parents! Oh wait, that kind of kills the mood for you doesn't it.'
Every three months, you switch to the biases of a different region. Incidentally, you can be prejudiced about what you think their biases are, for meta-prejudice.
In a box to the left.
The secret to living on one small island your entire life: pick the right island.
I will will now obtain my life support device and follow them below the surface.
Words I never expected: 'I miss the clean, substance-free lifestyle of Manhattan's lower east side.'
'Great! Here's 150 history papers to grade. Come back in eight weeks for your pittance.'
Bonobos, I guess? Or maybe they would just try to have sex with the berries.
My normal approach is actually pretty damn useful here.
It may be safer this way. Who knows what would happen to these creatures if they drank after midnight.
Einstein's thought experiments prove that only a train can travel at the speed of light.
It's slightly different when a seeker of truth is also a seeker of grant money.
Now if you'll excuse me, I believe I breathed too much ethanol.
Or until the entropic death of the universe, which will probably come sooner.
If Thomas Jefferson were alive today, he would say 'HOLY SHIT, YOU'RE MAKING THE OCEAN ACIDIC?'
Unless it's as ballast to react with the antimatter.
Trying to get politicians to fund the right research is like herding cats who have already gotten a very good offer from the tuna fish lobby.
We're saving up for a great burst of smartness somewhere down the line.
I'm in the position of telling politicians &quot;The system is needlessly wasteful and unsafe!&quot; while telling environmentalists &quot;The system is way better than coal, we should build more!&quot;
Some problems related to fixing our modern world are on an unimaginably huge scale. Others are not.
And hurry, otherwise I might have to study geothermal.
Those 87% efficient cells are the kind we'll surround the sun with when we want to get to Kardashev Type II.
&quot;So where did earth get the energy to radiate infrared?&quot; &quot;Shut up, that's where.&quot;
Step 5: Apply for a grant stressing how difficult it is and proposing to solve the problem.
Or you could cook the money under high pressure for days until it turns to sugars which you can ferment into biofuels, but then you would get out less energy than you put in, so that would be a waste.
&quot;You'd hardly miss it.&quot;
Hours of mechanical shaft work now, no low temperature heat feeling later.
Also known as 'optimizing with respect to one parameter.'
Who you callin' &quot;mostly harmless?&quot;
Option 2: fire neutrinos at them until they give me the money.
You don't learn the true nature of the right hand rule until you have a professor who is dyslexic.
Apparently, real mathematicians don't change their minus signs to plus, even if it would make the equations work. As an engineer I denounce their lack of rigor.
Most non-chemical engineers will take this as an insult and begin listing additional ways their work causes people to die.
I actually didn't gain weight on that diet; I just became flammable.
For questions about the wisdom of applying thermodynamic principles to human relations, please consult the first law.
I'll be playing the new one, but I can't get too deep.
Even more lucrative than selling $6 billion in state-labelled quarters.
I'll bet Jobs was never even cursed by gypsies, which is certainly not true for some other people I could mention.
This is rather idealistic, since it assumes you need something besides money.
Next semester you will learn to model the universe at its most fundamental level, and it will sometimes seem less interesting than Diablo 3.
These debates look more interesting if you assume evangelists really are sitting on the Grand Unified Theory.
&#905; &#952;&#945; &#956;&#960;&#959;&#961;&#959;&#973;&#963;&#949; &#957;&#945; &#949;&#943;&#957;&#945;&#953; &#941;&#957;&#945; &#956;&#951;&#967;&#945;&#957;&#953;&#954;&#972; &#965;&#960;&#959;&#955;&#959;&#947;&#953;&#963;&#964;&#942; &#954;&#945;&#953; &#957;&#945; &#967;&#961;&#951;&#963;&#953;&#956;&#959;&#960;&#959;&#953;&#959;&#973;&#957; &#956;&#972;&#957;&#959; ASCII.
Speed's what we need! GREASY, FAST SPEED!
Assuming reading an electronic copy destroys the original, which current copyright law seems to imply.
'Gonna' may be accepted informalism, but there are some things up with which I will not put.
Infinity used to be 2147483647, but recently it has gotten a lot bigger.
tl;dr I hug trees and hate freedom.
Speaking of which, check out comicjk.com/gravity.html.
I am going to catch so much shit for this, I could fertilize a starving country.
I choose the simplest hypothermia which explains the data.
I'm beginning to suspect Winjas.
If you can't beat 'em, redefine 'em as on your side.
I think it's pretty clear that no one would ever make media like webcomics for free.
It also violates amendments 4, 5, 6, and 7, but I understand if you want to stop the count at 1.
Toward the end they developed an apocalyptic cult known as &quot;drill here, drill now.&quot;
Let's keep this operation running long enough for her to make her own mistakes.
Weird, the usual way to do that is a law degree.
The problem with lobsters is that you can only have a limited number of papers arguing over what they mean. Shakespeare is much more practical.
Option 5: Hack the servers and fix their crappy, broken test.
I googled 'applications of set theory' for a witty counterexample, but apparently it's the null set.
Really it's just the students getting smarter. They've learned to handcuff themselves to the desks before reading the problems.
For fastest results, start in Mississippi.
I would say that shareholders have the right to do what they want, except that under current law what they get is the opposite.
Matlab: if you really need your programs to run this slow, you can always run them on a 15-year-old computer with Windows 95.
How many people remember candy commercials from the 1990s and are now engineers? My target audience.
In America you can skip straight to the party.
Government-industrial complex: 1, People: 0
Career path: dual-class as a cleric/physicist to cover up a typo.
Because you can't publish a paper on how you used the &quot;Try Everything At Random&quot; method.
But I'll bet I could write a program that could tell them apart.
I prophecy that a new version number of the world is at hand.
To justify some ideas you'd have to bend over backwards.
That's the incentive structure - the second answer is sufficient to design a nuclear power plant, but only the first will get full credit on a high school science exam.
I guess the two-party system is the joke.
I even own this image - the copy on your computer, if that makes any sense.
And make me buy a new type of calculator.
&quot;These were your father's subroutines. Inelegant weapons, for a barbaric age - like ours.&quot;
There aren't any threats with higher-dimensional variations, but I'm sure we'll come up with some eventually.
He's used as a tool to torment new grad students.
As a computationalist, the continuum approximation is my great nemesis - since it occasionally lets smug theoreticians solve O(N!) problems in O(1) time.
That RSS bug should be fixed now. I wrote the script assuming I would never be more than one day behind, before I started a PhD.
There's a sweet spot on this line when it gets girls like it's for hippies, but it pays like selling out.
The technical definition of 'force field' is almost as bad as that of 'strippers.'
'Ridiculous' is how professors say 'more work for me.'
The worst case that haunts me is, they might end up at the proficiency of the average American.
Half the pages are just critique of the test. That's what you get when you give us nine hours.
500 billion doesn't even get you to a world-city -- although you would be close to achieving a world-suburb.
My goal: flood the market with engineers until the value of my degree asymptotically approaches that of a BA in English.
Please no putting links to copyrighted material in any of my 835 spaces for comments. I really don't have time to check them all hourly.
Coal is no longer the cheap option, but you still can't beat it for filth.
The low-temperature Rankine cycle is for adding insult to injury.
Designing airplanes became a lot easier once we replaced the sky with maple syrup.
And Voyager adjusts the orbit of the sun through the galaxy.
Or perhaps nobody wanted to tell Hooke his idea was dumb, so we just ran with it.
I used to have a machine that would do jobs like this; I called it a 'computer'
It's as if people told you to use a camera because paintbrushes were too complicated.
Experiment: of the people most vocally opposed to judging people by their clothes, how many will make negative assumptions if they see you wearing a suit?
I guess this means in a week you should all buy Men's Wearhouse.
I don't mind as long as I'm not in season.
Instead of slapstick, you use punchcards.
At least it will save me from making up twenty furious hover texts.
&quot;If it fails you can publish a paper on how bubble gum is not effective. Or whatever I said earlier.&quot;
Did you know x>>0 can be much faster than Math.floor(x)? The rabbit hole goes deep.
'xor A A' is faster than 'A = 0.' Of course the difference is trivial - or as we say in assembly language, 'mandatory.'
This song works on many levels, but it's mostly about renewable energy.
Note: this proof is invalid if the simulator doesn't implement Grand Unified Theory.
I like how English has no bounded length for sentences.
That's one small step for man, one giant concentration of carbon monoxide.
A cruel irony in the nature of knowledge itself? That just proves that my view of the world is right!
Political arms race: every country elects crazy people, in an attempt to intimidate the lunatics in charge elsewhere.
I especially like it when they acknowledge their debts to their spouses and children.
Sufficiently advancing caching is indistinguishable from ansibles.
A feature that was most necessary in HTML 2, so naturally it was added in HTML 5.
You're going to look pretty silly if there isn't one. Or I guess...not.
And yet this is more understanding than 90% of people will ever have.
It might be worth it if we can find a rich pocket of gold on the moon, but please don't extend that into the marital metaphor.
It's no contest - a douche is at least clean.
Those natives who sold Manhattan for $24 must be pissed. If they had written Facebook, they could buy it back.
My app uses 'progressive enhancement' to improve the experience in more advanced browsers. The baseline experience is a message saying 'requires Javascript.'
Maybe fictional works can't build on each other the way inventions do. Then again, they did in the Middle Ages, and now it's illegal.
Deeds of bad writing done, between the 'Action!' and the opening run, in cinema lie like bones, each one.
I think they're afraid that if we reviewed the situations in which we grant monopolies independently, we might come to very different conclusions.
I spent a good part of last week trying to design a system that was completely proof against man-in-the-middle attacks. It's like that time I tried to find the exact value of pi.
Don't look up...it's in your address bar RIGHT NOW.
Cryptography becomes harder when the man in the middle is also a wizard.
Combining the convection and diffusion equations resulted in the Star Wars prequels.
There are a lot of dams, so the main point stands. Unless you're a stickler about 36 not being equal to 1.
Peer review = trying to find software bugs by looking at an edited selection of outputs and none of the code.
For those of you not living in the US, let me clue you in: we have a $2 billion industry dedicated to us not getting objective information about politics.
Real scientists must replenish their wisdom by going in the lab every three days. Or maybe it's just the Kandrona rays.
And it will be true right away if we just believe hard enough.
The divine plan specifies 99.999% uptime, but it's hazy on enforcement.
You would think Americans could trust each other, now that the bad 1% of us are in prison.
I believe in the separation of him and state.
He almost convinced the thesis committee that it only looked like nonsense because it was so effective. Meanwhile, a dozen philosophers graduated via the same tactic.
Actually...health care costs so much in the US that the baby boomers may take the country with them.
It's not just an echo server - it has ads, too.
Apparently some people are calmer thinking that every competitor is dead.
For one thing, we'll run out of space to put everything. If only there were some space with enough space to give us plenty of space...
With a print statement. Or in Python 3, print with parentheses for some idiotic reason.
It's hard to defend representative democracy when people, of their own volition, choose to be represented by their high school bullies.
I seem to have drawn the speculator-rage signal slightly leading the price signal, so you could make money in oil trading just by keeping an eye on reddit.
This is going to be a fun century, I just know it.
But the change aversion is worse in the other direction - thus, gene simulations in Matlab.
Hey, it's about as effective as using cleric spells for damage.
We live in interesting times. Which times exactly? Hold on, let me get my phone.
If you haven't heard of these things, consider this a window into my madness.
Grant proposals are like neutrons. You spit out one, with any luck it spawns two more, and eventually this process destroys the world.
I hear - this is not a joke - that Google is shifting away from Python for internal development, towards Java. Sell, sell, sell.
Unique among the quantum states in that it always collapses to the same observable outcome.
And C++ is like boiling-water reactors. Needless to say, it sucks.
I was an early adopter of Vista, and it spawned a 30-strip story arc on how Microsoft was murdering people with a dojo of evil cyborg ninjas. Someone else can take this one.
Let's face it, it's time for us to stop using these. You're not stupid.
I would joke that future people will follow the &quot;21st Century Diet,&quot; but they're more likely to view it the way we do human sacrifice.
Thanks to a server outage, this news is somewhat dated.
In the process of restoring the server, I lost FTP access for a week. Having enjoyed this lazy period, I'm downgrading from 5 comics/week to 3 (xkcd schedule). As usual, discuss cogently below -- JK.
Some will say this violates Occam's Razor, but they're just confused from spinning in so many tiny circles.
Fus roh dah works best for large values of &#961;.
Jon's Law of Engines: &quot;Any interesting space drive is a weapon of mass destruction. It only matters how long you want to wait for maximum damage.&quot;
C is like the reptilian hindbrain of the programmer: it's extremely inconvenient, except that it's the thing keeping us alive.
They drilled too greedily and too deep, without proper wastewater treatment facilities.
And there's no question Congress contains an ad hoc, informally-specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of Common Lisp. Or at least all of the adjectives apply.
If we ever do extend human lifespan indefinitely, this may become a problem.
If we had fusion power tomorrow, it would just be another source of high-capital, low-fuel-cost renewable power. In fact, the only big benefit is for spaceships...I mean, it will solve everything! Government funding please!
They're both wrong - if you want to relax, join the ComicJK subreddit by clicking the Forum button at the bottom left of the comic.
Unless that house has a quarter-acre of ground-source heat pumps in the backyard.
If thinking gibberish is funny when typeset like a math journal is wrong, I don't want to be right. I do, however, want to be published.
Required classes make you learn things that have a high activation energy, but turn out to be a favored state. Or at least that's what I've said ever since high school chemistry (thanks, Ms Basker).
It's like when Goldilocks ate dirt and fell asleep on the floor.
At the very least, more energy than we'll ever get cleanly from coal.
That's why they call it the Republican party.
Also because the bottom graduate, in any subject, is probably a bad conversationalist as well as hard to employ.
This is not the usual tactic - it's much cheaper to hire lobbyists.
Foolish Asimov, he thought that proof would actually change something.
And being a states' rights issue is not a good long-term strategy. Just look at slavery.
The cheapest way to secure your laptop, then, is to make a blog post telling everyone about ridiculous security measures like a USB pass - wait a minute, I don't think I'm the first person to figure this out.
Better than the Call of the Python, when I black out and wake up with no curly braces in any of my C or Java.
&quot;People don't know what a mass balance is, so I'll just put you down for the last three words.&quot;
I'm sure we'll adapt.
But this increases the risk of a presidential wedgie.
Facebook has a high-growth valuation and no room to grow, Google+ has plenty of room to grow since it's not worth anything.
Overproduction has long made that business uneconomical.
Adding an extra term to the Drake Equation, we can calculate that such a section probably does not exist.
I think they have a pretty good shot, depending on whether this takes place before or after 1991.
45 points is a big difference - each way.
OCD probably fits in there too. And whatever they call 'the need to have your mental disorder portrayed as a quirky side effect of your intelligence.'
A tiny input of legitimacy produces a huge excess of uninformed people's trust. I thought I might come up with a cool name for this principle, but then I remembered - we call them con artists.
And their Javascript files got so big and slow, they had to build an incredibly fast web browser so we wouldn't notice.
It would also make a lot of games and novels set in Orion look really silly.
I'm still a big fan of his triangle.
Also I still hold a little hope for a theory which has FTL without breaking causality.
I hope he has better other people than the other guy.
